README.md, before:

Bingo Spinner Thingy
----

![New Bingo Spinner Layout](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot4.png)
![Bingo Card CS Series Sample](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/sample/CS75-1000.png)
![Bingo Card CSC Series with Letters Sample](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/sample/CSC75-1000_with_BINGO_letters.png)
![Bingo Spinner](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot3.png)
![Amount Selector](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot1.png)
![Card Editor](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot2.png)

##### License:
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT WITH (CC-BY-SA-4.0 or LicenseRef-Public-Domain)
CC-BY-SA-4.0 from code snippets from stackoverflow in it's own script tag 

##### Description:
Basically a random number generator with a table showing selected number and number call out.

With github page for ease of uses without needing to setup or clone anything.

Commit message:

Add some titles/descriptions for the screenshots

README.md, after:

Bingo Spinner Thingy
----

#### Screenshot of the New Bingo Layout
![New Bingo Spinner Layout](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot4.png)

#### Sample of printable generate card
![Bingo Card CS Series Sample](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/sample/CS75-1000.png)
![Bingo Card CSC Series with Letters Sample](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/sample/CSC75-1000_with_BINGO_letters.png)

#### Older screenshot of Alt/Old Bingo Layout with some cards loaded
![Bingo Spinner](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot3.png)

#### Amount of number selector
![Amount Selector](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot1.png)

#### Card editor for manually creating cards with hand picked numbers
![Card Editor](https://github.com/asl97/Bingo-Spinner/raw/screenshots/screenshot2.png)

##### License:
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT WITH (CC-BY-SA-4.0 or LicenseRef-Public-Domain)
CC-BY-SA-4.0 from code snippets from stackoverflow in it's own script tag 

##### Description:
Basically a random number generator with a table showing selected number and number call out.

With github page for ease of uses without needing to setup or clone anything.
